hey guys what's up the ipod kid year and
before we said this app review i want to
give a quick shout-out to myself because
like a lot of you have been recommending
i did start a facebook fan page for
myself the link to that is over to the
right in the more info section it was
kind of weird starting a fan page for
myself but a lot of you guys are
question it so if you really do like me
enough you can always go join me at my
facebook fan page that's another great
way to interact with me but anyway let's
start this after view off I do have an
app that I'm really really excited to
share with you guys it's going to be one
of the top paid applications right now
called trenches we're going to save that
through the end of this video first
we're going to start off with is a
recently top free application bounce
down and this is definitely a really fun
rather creative application I've never
played a game like this I've played
games similar but never actually seen
this exact gameplay element it's
definitely really fun one too so in this
main menu it kind of seems like it's
going to be a cheap credit game but it's
free so it is cheap anyway so you have
start game high scores instructions you
can also connect through Facebook if you
want to upload your high scores there
and then there's also three different
control schemes you have the track tilt
and touch I like to touch the best going
to instructions that explain how to do
all those but let's just go into start
game and from here what you're going to
be doing it is a platform game so you're
going to be trying to balance on these
platforms if you touch the bottom of the
screen with your little blue guy you
will die you're falling into fire and if
you get too high in turn to the top of
the screen then you're going to run into
spikes and die there are multiple
different platforms as you see right
here this red one is going to be a
bouncy platform here's a conveyor belt
it'll take me to the right or the left
depending on how its pointing skipped a
few right there and there's about five
or six different plateau terrible
terrible start right there so yes I just
died right there and as you guys saw my
high score is only nearly 3,000 it's
pretty low high score i've only had this
game for a few weeks and i probably my
plated a couple times because I've been
kind of busy but anyway I do recommend
you go check it out this is pretty much
all i'm going to show you for it it's
really really really basic not really
too many hitting things in this
application that nice different
platforms are definitely a fun little
added on feature but you can really not
going to get too much content but you
don't really need
because it's honestly a very fun
addicting and very very original game I
would definitely say that this pretty
original has some ideas taken from other
applications but nothing really too
similar here so definitely make sure to
go check this one out this is going to
be bounced on one of you recently top
three applications in the App Store and
my next one for you guys is also going
to be one of the top three applications
right now it's not going to be a game
but it's definitely pretty amusing to
play with and this is going to be called
lego photo and you can take any photos
stored in your ipod touch or iphone and
it will lego eyes that i guess is how
you want to say don't make it into a
lego esque kind of picture so two
different options when you start up you
can take a photo and then it'll make it
into Legos or you can just do one saved
onto your camera roll so you can have
save photos or photo library to go in
here and here is one of myself and I
took from my facebook page and it will
do the little loading screen at the
bottom of the screen and then once it's
done you click and you got the nice lego
sound effects i thought that was pretty
cool so here and you it has multiple
different options too so if you click it
once there's the first color scheme
click again turns into more of a sepia
kind of look here's blue looks like
negative black and white I definitely
think this is a pretty fun definitely
it's definitely a fun application it is
free i recommend to go check it out it's
definitely fun just to make your
pictures Lego ask it's definitely a fun
one to kind of make yourself a new
mosaic but I do recommend you go check
it out nothing really too complex about
the application it is free to one of the
top ones right now lego photo make sure
you go check it out and my third and
final one that I'm really excited to
share with you guys i just bought in the
app store it's a dollar ninety-nine
right now and this is going to be called
trenches and this was recently one of
the top paid applications in the app
store it is a dollar 99 it is a very
very original game though it has some
gameplay elements taken from other
applications in other games but it's
really nothing to really be copied upon
its going to have two different game
modes when you first start off campaign
mode which is going to be your work your
way from the bottom and go through the
war and then the second one is going to
be skirmish which has more customization
options kind of a pick up and play
anywhere when you want to so let's go
into skirmish and I'll show you the
options you have here you can start a
continued game if you already have one
or you can start a new game go into
options you have
options you want a new game this is how
you set it up and you have one different
game type battle I'm assuming if they're
going to be adding new ones in is that
because there's going to be a tab for it
but you have a few different maps and
you have six different maps different
lengths you have normal long very long
so if you want to be playing a game for
just a while just have fun with it got
to get into a tent intense battle go
into that short normal and then also
difficulty you have adaptive so you can
adapt to the customization of the AI so
that they can fight against you
depending on how good you are easy
medium hard and then adaptive so let's
go back and i will show you guys
campaign I've already started one but
let's just we'll start with one hour you
have as you progress throughout the
entire game you'll be able to unlock
different weaponry down to the bottom of
the screen as you see I've already
unlocked four different weapons these
are going to be rifleman sniper rifles
gunman machine guns and then mortars
when you click on a different set or
units to come out they will run out of
the field and then the different ones
will have to load depending on how
awesome they are pretty much so now that
the sniper is ready we're gonna pull out
a sniper and they will all go until I
can't go any further this field
specifically has a set of barbed wire so
i will not be able to progress any
further than that or i have to go really
slowly that's how it works oh my go
really really slowly past the barbed
wire and the object of the game is to
take down any enemy gunman any enemy
gunman here's some enemies you take down
the enemy gunman and then as you take
them down you'll have to get to the
enemies spawn point on the very right
side of screen you can actually see
where they're going to be by scrolling
against the sky so i need to get here
and right now i'm right there very far
so we got some work to get down here
let's pretty much sniper over here
because I didn't break them over you can
move your enix by simply dragging or
clicking and dragging them anywhere
along the street when you call out a new
set of units they'll go anywhere that
the farthest unit has actually made it
to open the left top corner you have
your money there you go you guys can see
your money and above each unit you'll
see a price for how much of a cost to
actually buy a new unit my sniper rifle
God just died awesome but I have some
new units coming up here these going to
be machine gunners and it looks like
they're going to die oh but anyway
because their way outnumbered anyway the
cool thing about this application is
that it feels like the AI is actually
fighting against
I honestly do mean that because if you
just sit back and if you let your gunmen
kind of just hang out the enemies will
respawn there's no set amount of enemies
they will continue to respawn and
continue to just kill you like no other
and they will progress there upon you if
they get to the left side of the screen
then you lose you have to get to their
side on the very right so it's
definitely a fun one it's a great
application there's definitely different
weapon unlocks these are the four that I
have you can also get like gas and smoke
grenades and also you can get different
mortars and airstrikes kind of that you
can drop in on enemies which is
definitely pretty fun i'm gonna call in
a mortar now he'll work as way up but i
highly recommend the game it has
different levels as you guys see right
here that play right there has ranked up
so the different players will ranked up
rank up until they actually become
generals when you become a general you
fight like a badass and also any enemy
or enemy any army men around that
general will fight a ton better so i
highly recommended a check this game out
it's definitely original it's definitely
a fun pick up and play anywhere type of
game let's try this mortar there goes
the more to go see what they will do
take it up cheat it so we got a mortar
coming in let's see what happens boom so
that guy just blew up there's his head
there's his head fades away so anyway
guys I recommended go check the game out
this is going to be one of the top paid
applications right now it's a dollar 99
in the app store called trenches
definitely a really fun original game in
the app store make sure you go check it
out hopefully you guys enjoyed this
review of these three applications I'll
talk to you later have a fantastic day